README.md, before:

# ctxfloods
Central Texas Floods

## Set up your development environment
💾 Install [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) 🐘
  *  If you're using macOS I strongly recommend using [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/)

💾 [Install yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) 

👯 Clone the repo
```
git clone https://github.com/cityofaustin/ctxfloods
cd ctxfloods
```
### Get the Backend Running
💾 Install the backend
```
cd backend
yarn install
```
🐘  Make sure postgres is running
* Make sure [psql](https://postgresapp.com/documentation/cli-tools.html) works in your terminal

⌨️ Initialize the database
```
yarn init-local-db
```
⌨️ Run the local server
```
yarn local-server
```
<img src="/README/localserverrunning.png" align="middle" height="142" >

✅ Run the tests
```
yarn test
```
<img src="/README/backendtestspassed.png" align="middle" height="93" >

🍻 Cheers! The backend should now be up and running!
### Get the frontend running against the local backend
💾 Install the frontend
```
cd frontend
yarn install
```
🖋 Build the map style
```
yarn build-map-style
```

⌨️ Run the frontend against the local backend
```
yarn start-local
```
<img src="/README/localfrontendrunning.png" align="middle" height="93" >

🥂 Cheers! The frontend should now be up and running! Have fun clicking around!

🔑 Some pages require a login:

<img src="/README/logintofrontend.png" align="middle" height="76" >

📧 In case of such a page, the following email addresses work:
* superadmin@flo.ods
* admin@community.floods
* editor@community.floods

 🗝 By default all passwords are set to "texasfloods"

### Get Storybook running
⌨️ Generate the schema file
```
cd frontend
yarn get-schema
```

⌨️ Run storybook from the frontend
```
yarn storybook
```
<img src="/README/storybookrunning.png" align="middle" height="62" >
<img src="/README/storybookscreeny.png" align="middle" height="299" >

## Using TravisCI to test and deploy
🔑 Generate a new AWS Key
  * Go to your user in [IAM](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/users)
  * Go to security credentials and generate an access key
<img src="/README/securitycredentials.png" align="middle" height="106" >
<img src="/README/createaccesskey.png" align="middle" height="54" >

❌ Delete any entries in the env section of [.travis.yml](.travis.yml)

💾 Install [serverless](https://serverless.com/)
```
yarn global add serverless
```

⌨️  Run the set up deploy script
```
./setUpAWSDeploy.sh
```
Upon completion of the script, a new AWS CloudFormation should have been initialized for your branch. .travis.yml will also be updated to include branch specific environment variables.

🏗 Your build should appear on [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/)

### Test the deployed frontend
//TODO Automate this
* Go to [S3](https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3/) and find your bucket (it should be ctxfloods-frontend-***your branch name***)
* Go to Properties -> Static Website Hosting
  * Select **Use this bucket to host a website**
    * Set **index.html** as both the Index and Error document (react-router will be doing our error handling)

🍾 Cheers! You should now have a deployed instance up and running.

Commit message:

Document watchman dependency for storyshoots

README.md, after:

# ctxfloods
Central Texas Floods

## Set up your development environment
💾 Install [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/) 🐘
  *  If you're using macOS I strongly recommend using [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/)

💾 [Install yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

👯 Clone the repo
```
git clone https://github.com/cityofaustin/ctxfloods
cd ctxfloods
```
### Get the Backend Running
💾 Install the backend
```
cd backend
yarn install
```
🐘  Make sure postgres is running
* Make sure [psql](https://postgresapp.com/documentation/cli-tools.html) works in your terminal

⌨️ Initialize the database
```
yarn init-local-db
```
⌨️ Run the local server
```
yarn local-server
```
<img src="/README/localserverrunning.png" align="middle" height="142" >

✅ Run the tests
```
yarn test
```

_It might be necessary to install Watchman if you see errors running the `yarn test` command. See this Github Issue for more details: https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/issues/871_


<img src="/README/backendtestspassed.png" align="middle" height="93" >

🍻 Cheers! The backend should now be up and running!
### Get the frontend running against the local backend
💾 Install the frontend
```
cd frontend
yarn install
```
🖋 Build the map style
```
yarn build-map-style
```

⌨️ Run the frontend against the local backend
```
yarn start-local
```
<img src="/README/localfrontendrunning.png" align="middle" height="93" >

🥂 Cheers! The frontend should now be up and running! Have fun clicking around!

🔑 Some pages require a login:

<img src="/README/logintofrontend.png" align="middle" height="76" >

📧 In case of such a page, the following email addresses work:
* superadmin@flo.ods
* admin@community.floods
* editor@community.floods

 🗝 By default all passwords are set to "texasfloods"

### Get Storybook running
⌨️ Generate the schema file
```
cd frontend
yarn get-schema
```

⌨️ Run storybook from the frontend
```
yarn storybook
```
<img src="/README/storybookrunning.png" align="middle" height="62" >
<img src="/README/storybookscreeny.png" align="middle" height="299" >

## Using TravisCI to test and deploy
🔑 Generate a new AWS Key
  * Go to your user in [IAM](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/users)
  * Go to security credentials and generate an access key
<img src="/README/securitycredentials.png" align="middle" height="106" >
<img src="/README/createaccesskey.png" align="middle" height="54" >

❌ Delete any entries in the env section of [.travis.yml](.travis.yml)

💾 Install [serverless](https://serverless.com/)
```
yarn global add serverless
```

⌨️  Run the set up deploy script
```
./setUpAWSDeploy.sh
```
Upon completion of the script, a new AWS CloudFormation should have been initialized for your branch. .travis.yml will also be updated to include branch specific environment variables.

🏗 Your build should appear on [Travis](https://travis-ci.org/)

### Test the deployed frontend
//TODO Automate this
* Go to [S3](https://console.aws.amazon.com/s3/) and find your bucket (it should be ctxfloods-frontend-***your branch name***)
* Go to Properties -> Static Website Hosting
  * Select **Use this bucket to host a website**
    * Set **index.html** as both the Index and Error document (react-router will be doing our error handling)

🍾 Cheers! You should now have a deployed instance up and running.
